hey what's up guys this is born for PVM
and I am 69 prayer and I'm really close
to this inventory until 70 some what I
want to do is use them here they may be
wondering where I'm at I'm at mr. Dillon
X's gilded altar he is providing
runescape with a probably the firt I
think it's I know it's the first but
probably also still got damn i buried a
bone probably I'm not very good at
clicking while talking by the way this
is why I'm failing um he is probably the
only currently free gilded altar it's
completely free he's going to bed I
believe in like 30 minutes from now so
by the time this video's released the
altar will probably be closed but it
will be up tomorrow probably and yeah
he's nice enough to this is his clan
chat by the way his name is mr. Dillon X
huge shout out to him cuz he let me use
his altar 43 274 free and like when he's
the only person with it he could charge
like he'd have the monopoly on it like
he could be making bank off this and
he's being nice enough to give it out
for free which is just an amazing thing
to do so thank you so all yes I'm me
pray or hell yes um so yeah dude thank
you so much mr. Dillon X um great guy
and yeah 70 prayer I also already have
the quest done so I believe I'm probably
the first person to put on a ID because
uh basically I looked on the high scores
and the only people with 70 prayer do
not have 66 defense um they're like 65
which means they like they've done the
quest but I don't think they've done the
mini-game for it because if you do the
quest and the mini-game you get 50 K
defense exp which I believe brings you
to 66 defense so I think I'm the first
person with piety my friend old truffles
is also going to be like he's going to
have it in like like 30 minutes so um
like I'm not gonna be the only one for
long I'm 90 combat and i'll go ahead and
show you my bank this isn't my full bank
though because i right now i gave a
scooby-doo which is runeshark as you
know i gave him a couple barrows items
to use first layer because he hit 70
defense way before I did and so
basically I don't have my barrels pieces
um on my account right now so they're
lent out on basically 500 cash deck I
haven't used like I didn't buy any EOC
or RS gold like that was only like the
first few days like
maybe like 100 200 k so like all this is
legit basically okay if you want to see
all this is legit basically I just spent
like 3.5 mil on d bones which is a lot
but definitely worth it considering i
never have to pray a train prayer again
i have a bunch of barrows pieces like a
lot more than this i will do a full bank
vid when i release my barrels
compliation video which is going to be
out really soon I'm just uh I'm just
like doing some more barrels runs after
i get hi Eddie or petty whatever
whatever it's called anyways a lobster's
really cheap that's what I use for food
put that back in the bank I've got these
arrogance which i just bought they're
only like 12 each blood reads which is
what i'm currently using i'm using wind
wave early yeah wind wave i don't think
it's called surge and its really good
spell to use i'm not using slayer dark
one because Idon't the Slayer level no
here's my stats by the way 70 prayer 68
magic i'm really looking forward to
buying Arabs which is like my favorite
gear in the entire game because of how
it looks I love the look of air arms and
it's also a really good gear obviously
the best magic year besides I think
Third Age here's my 75 7067 I've been
training at bandits or flesh crawlers
well I've been recently bandits because
I'm too high of a level 4 flush crawlers
right now rock crabs are also really
good any spot that's AFK is a really
good place to Train here's my quest
points I've got 72 I've done a bunch of
quests they're actually not that bad
because like I already did them and on
the other Rs so like I know kind of what
to do and it's not that bad at all and
also I usually doing with really good
friends and so it's like a lot more fun
I've gotten over 10k chaos like probably
30 to 50 k mind runes um I've sold most
of them to buy back supplies four
barrels because i haven't sold any of my
barrels items yet currently I was a
little spoiler but I'm not gonna tell
you which ones they are i have about 10
pieces and they're all there i've gone
them all by myself i think so uh yeah
that's my bank so far i would say it's
like 55 mill maybe maybe less I don't
know like um yeah I'm not really that
right right now but I'm going to be
doing
more bears done that I've gotten 70 well
now I banks not five million yeah it's
probably three to three to four mil now
because I did the prayer yeah so I've
been getting my magic up by doing
barrows there's not really else there's
not really anything else I can say let's
see what's this give twenty five percent
defense which is amazing strength by
twenty-three percent of twenty percent
of my attack oh yeah so that's it thank
you guys for watching and I will have
the Barrows compliation video out soon
this was just a little progress update
video I know I haven't made it been like
four to five days i believe and i just
wanted to make one real quick to show
you guys that I'm not abandoning you
I've just been no lifing RS 07 so yeah I
really want to try to stay up with like
the people who are high combat I want to
try to stay up with them um I believe I
am kind of a high combat like yeah
anyway so that's it for now I'm gonna
have a browse compliation video out soon
a drop video and yeah see you guys then
thanks for watching